+++
title = "Announcing Verylup 0.1.2"
+++

The Veryl team has published a new release of Verylup, 0.1.2.
Verylup is the official toolchain installer of Veryl.
It installs the latest Veryl toolchain and eases to update and switch the toolchains.

There are two installation ways. In either case, executing `verylup setup` is required after installing.

## Download binary

Download from [release page](https://github.com/veryl-lang/verylup/releases/latest), and extract to the directory in `PATH`.

## Cargo

You can install with [cargo](https://crates.io/crates/verylup).

```
cargo install verylup
```

# New Features

## Self update support

Verylup 0.1.2 supports self binary updating.
When `verylup update` is executed, both toolchain update and self update is done.

```console
verylup update
```

## Configuable default toolchain

If you want to change the default toolchain to a specific toolchain, `verylup default` can be used.

```console
# set 0.11.0 as default toolchain
verylup default 0.11.0
```

Additionally, overriding default toolchain per directory is supported too.
You can do `verylup override set` in your Veryl project.

```console
# set 0.9.0 as default toolchain for the current project
verylup override set 0.9.0
```

## Shell completion

Shell completion script can be generated by `verylup completion`.
The supported shells are below:

* Bash
* Elvish
* Fish
* PowerShell
* Zsh

For example, the following command generates a completion script of Verylup for zsh.

```
verylup completion zsh verylup
```

After Veryl 0.13.1 (which is not released yet), a completion script of veryl will be supported too like below:

```
verylup completion zsh veryl
```

About the usage of generated scripts, please refer the documentation of each shell.
